Induced NCS:
        The idea is a genetic change that you can't undo, once done.  It is an expensive damaging process, and the
        first time it is run many of the secondary sexual characteristics development will reverse strongly: 
        including height, hips width, shoulders width, dick or clit size, labia or scrotum size, and breast size.
        In addition, from then on, every week a small chance of shrinking any of these items.  In addition, growth
        features (drugs, hormones, food) work at a disadvantage, while growth-reversal features (drugs, hormones, 
        food) work at an advantage.  Finally, precocious puberty is generically incremented, such that drugs, 
        hormones or treatments that advance puberty are heightened while simultaneously drugs, hormones or 
        treatements that work against puberty are lowered, with the exception of hormone blockers, which work as
        advertised.

Slaves generated with .inducedNCS set to 0, and added to the backwards compatibility.

Purchased only in the black market.
        Implemented a skeleton 'illegal goods' black market patterning it after the existing FS shopping in the
        black market.

Added description in the Encyclopedia.

Updated Surgery, unlike most surgery, can't be applied to unhealthy slaves (health > 0).

Updated Surgery Degradation.

Updated sa Drugs.

Updated sa Hormones.

Updated sa Long Term Effects.

        Added NCS youthening.

        NCS youthening, NCS will youthen slave appearances towards 8 years old if older, while younger slaves will
        simply, not apear to age at all.
            1: every slave visually appearing less than 9 will not be affected.
            2: visually 45 yrs and over will always look 1 year younger each week.
            3: from 44 down to 9, the slave accumulates NCSyouthening points every week building towards a sliding
                youthening value which starts at 2 weeks for 44, and evenly progresses towards 10 weeks for slaves 
                12 and under.
 
                Formula, slaves <= 8 are ignored.

                Caluclate _youtheningDifference the slaves visual age less 8, yielding 0 to say 38 or so, more than
                that will be dealt with further down the line.  Take the _youthDifference devide by four and add .25
                to evenly break into 0 below 9, and 10 at 45, round to int to get the _youtheningLevel.  Subtract 
                _youtheningLevel from 11 to find out the _youtheningRequirement
    
                Every week, slaves that appear older than 8 year old lolis or shotas will have their NCSyouthening 
                incremented.  Then this youthening is tested against the _youtheningRequirement, if at or better,
                the NCS youthens the slave, and resets the NCSyouthening.

Slaves generated with .NCSyouthening set to 0, and added to the backwards compatibility.

